---
title: "When it is working"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Carbon Credits
  - Post link
link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2021/07/13/billionaires-space-race-benefits-rest-us-really/
---

> Space is even less hospitable to human life, of course, but our resources are also much greater than what our ancestors could muster

When people like [Richard Branson]() say 'its ok that I flew to space, I've offset the emissions!' does anyone think that actually does make it ok?

Carbon Offset used as a social license to indulge in unnecessary activities, in an era where the market have little integrity, is a dangerous path. This is exactly why a 'buyer decides everything' attitude continues to harm the reputation of carbon markets.

Offsetting can be great if:

1- Removals for descarbonization are involved;  its used to compensate science-based target
2- Emission Reduction itself has integrity, it means: we are dealing with additionality, they are demostrated by robusteness methods, they are transparent, and they are no covering unecesarry process, stuffs and other.


If its being used  justifying rich people flying to space or it's non-additional or double counted, then it's in trouble. 

New commitments are comming and we really should expect better for a product we collectively work so hard to create.

--This morning **The billionaires' space race**, catch up my attention. Please see `link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2021/07/13/billionaires-space-race-benefits-rest-us-really/` to the post's YAML front matter and you're done.


Some [link](#) can also be shown.